I don't know if it was because
of my tweets on the movie
gravity I don't know if that put
me on the radar of the people
for the film interstellar but i
was invited to a preview
screening of that film with all
the stars in the reception and
Christopher Nolan was there and
I then I sort of you know
hello might you be interested in
coming on for an interview and
he agreed so that was my sort of
access to him and i think i
would also delighted
interviewing anyone of the stars
but Christopher Nolan is is one
of the creators of that story
end of the movie and so that
would be a different interview
then if I'd interview one of the
actors and so I I'd like seeing
what goes on in the mind of
someone with futuristic
creativity and christopher nolan
is just such a person you look
at his portfolio
he's got movies that have played
with the passage of time time
passing at different rates in
different dream states real or
is it a dream in an interstellar
he is exploiting the laws of
physics as represented in
Einstein's relativity theory to
have time pass at different
rates among people who are
otherwise contemporaries with
one another people who have
children who relativity says
that if you go in the vicinity
of a black hole time ticks
differently for you that
for others he had a science
advisor who's a professor of
physics at Caltech so it was fun
speaking with a creative
producer because they have such
influence on our dreams giving
us ways to think about the world
showing us futures that we
should avoid should do all we
can to not have the future he
portrays in that field